Add docs for Quality Assurance (#2768)
webrecorder/browsertrix: frontend/docs/docs/user-guide/quality-assurance.md

# Introduction to QA

> Quality assurance (QA) in web archiving is the systematic process of verifying that archived web content is accurate, complete, and usable. It often involves checking for broken links, missing content, and ensuring the archived version matches the live website, especially sites with dynamic and interactive elements.

Reviewer: Mentioning "live" may be misleading with how we handle match analysis, how about something like:

```suggestion
Quality assurance (QA) in web archiving is the systematic process of verifying that archived web content is accurate, complete, and usable. It often involves checking for broken links, missing content, and ensuring the archived version matches the website at the time it was crawled, especially sites with dynamic and interactive elements.
```

?

Author: Ye. We'll have to figure out another place or maybe in our resources the distinction with live, crawled, and all that

> Quality assurance has often been performed manually, typically by visually comparing crawl results to the live site and clicking on the hyperlinks of a crawled web page.

Reviewer: Similar feedback here, we could expand on the benefit comparing crawl to replay, something like:

```suggestion
Quality assurance has often been performed manually, typically by visually comparing crawl results to the live site and clicking on the hyperlinks of a crawled web page. This can be tedious and prone to issues if some interactive elements are overlooked, especially if the live site has changed since the time it was crawled and archived. Browsertrix addresses these potential issues through QA tools that provide immediate feedback on the capture quality of the crawl, so that crawl or replay issues can be identified and resolved promptly.
```

cc @tw4l and @ikreymer may have an elevator pitch for QA, too

## Overview of Quality Assurance

> With Browsertrix, you can run a crawl analysis and be able to replay, compare, and check pages all from your browser. 

Reviewer: I wonder if "all from your browser" is important to note here, since everything Browsertrix is done through the UI. We also can't QA uploads right now, so users can't check pages in _any_ web archive. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
With assisted QA, you can analyze any web archive crawled through Browsertrix to compare, replay, and review pages in the web archive.
```

?
